IAM: Identity Access Management

IAM identity --> identity can be user,group,roles.

Policy:
Policy defines the permissions of the IAM identity. 

Types of policies:

1) Identity Based policies:

InLine Policy:
An inline policy is a policy created for a single IAM identity (a user, group, or role). 
Inline policies maintain a strict one-to-one relationship between a policy and an identity. 
They are deleted when you delete the identity.

Managed Policies:
1) Aws Managed Policy
2) Customer Managed Policy

AWS managed policies – Managed policies that are created and managed by AWS.
Customer managed policies – Managed policies that you create and manage in your AWS 
account. Customer managed policies provide more precise control over your policies 
than AWS managed policies.

2) Resource-based policies:
Are attached directly to resources and specify permissions for specific actions on the resource by some principals. 

3) IAM permissions boundaries:
Define the maximum permissions for an IAM entity and are used as safeguards.

4) Access control lists(ACLs):
Are attached to resources and control cross-account permissions for principals from other accounts. 

5) Organizations Service Control Policies(SCPs):
Specify the maximum level of permissions for an organization’s accounts. These policies are used to limit the permissions that can be assigned within member accounts.

6) Session policies:
Are advanced policies used during temporary sessions for roles or federated users.

Role:
IAM role is an identity within your AWS account that has specific permissions. 
It is similar to an IAM user, but is not associated with a specific person.

Types of Roles?

1) Aws service Role:
A service role is an IAM role that a service assumes to perform actions on your behalf.

2) AWS account:
Allow entities in other AWS accounts belonging to you or a 3rd party to perform actions in this account.

3) Web identity:
Allows users federated by the specified external web identity provider to assume this role to perform actions in this account.

4) SAML 2.0 federation (Security Assertion Markup Language ):
Allow users federated with SAML 2.0 from a corporate directory to perform actions in this account.

5) Custom trust policy:
Create a custom trust policy to enable others to perform actions in this account.
